Document what ADMIN CHECK does (#13375)
pingcap/docs: sql-statements/sql-statement-admin-check-table-index.md

# ADMIN CHECK [TABLE|INDEX]

> The `ADMIN CHECK [TABLE|INDEX]` statement checks for data consistency of tables and indexes. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `ADMIN CHECK [TABLE|INDEX]` statement checks for data consistency of tables and indexes.
```

It does not support the following:

- Checking [FOREIGN KEY constraints](/foreign-key.md).
- Checking the PRIMARY KEY index if a [clustered primary key](/clustered-indexes.md) is used.

> If `ADMIN CHECK [TABLE|INDEX]` finds any issues, you can resolve them by dropping and recreating the index. 

Reviewer 2: It is usually a TiDB bug. Should we suggest that users report the issue to PingCAP?

> If `ADMIN CHECK [TABLE|INDEX]` finds any issues, you can resolve them by dropping and recreating the index. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If `ADMIN CHECK [TABLE|INDEX]` finds any issues, you can resolve them by dropping and recreating the index. If the issue is not resolved, you can report an [issue](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/new/choose) on GitHub.
```
@ekexium PTAL

> If `ADMIN CHECK [TABLE|INDEX]` finds any issues these can be fixed by recreating the index by dropping the index and adding it again. 

Reviewer 2: Or `admin recover` or `admin cleanup`.
And it is related to `troubleshoot-data-inconsistency-errors.md`. We can add a link here.

> If `ADMIN CHECK [TABLE|INDEX]` finds any issues these can be fixed by recreating the index by dropping the index and adding it again. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If `ADMIN CHECK [TABLE|INDEX]` finds any issues, you can resolve them by dropping and recreating the index. 
```

> ## Steps

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Principles
```

> If `ADMIN CHECK [TABLE|INDEX]` finds any issues, you can resolve them by dropping and recreating the index. If the issue is not resolved, you can report an [issue](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/new/choose) on GitHub.

Reviewer 3: I'm not sure if GitHub issue is still a recommended channel for support. Maybe we should link to [support resources](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/stable/support) instead.

Author: Looks like this is a common sentence in SQL Statement docs:

```
$ git grep -l 'github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/new/choose'
dr-secondary-cluster.md
sql-statements/sql-statement-admin-check-table-index.md
sql-statements/sql-statement-alter-database.md
sql-statements/sql-statement-create-database.md
sql-statements/sql-statement-create-role.md
sql-statements/sql-statement-create-table-like.md
sql-statements/sql-statement-deallocate.md
sql-statements/sql-statement-delete.md
sql-statements/sql-statement-do.md
sql-statements/sql-statement-drop-database.md
sql-statements/sql-statement-drop-role.md
sql-statements/sql-statement-drop-view.md
sql-statements/sql-statement-execute.md
sql-statements/sql-statement-flush-privileges.md
sql-statements/sql-statement-grant-role.md
sql-statements/sql-statement-insert.md
sql-statements/sql-statement-load-data.md
sql-statements/sql-statement-prepare.md
sql-statements/sql-statement-rename-index.md
sql-statements/sql-statement-rename-table.md
sql-statements/sql-statement-rename-user.md
sql-statements/sql-statement-replace.md
sql-statements/sql-statement-revoke-role.md
sql-statements/sql-statement-set-default-role.md
sql-statements/sql-statement-set-names.md
sql-statements/sql-statement-set-password.md
sql-statements/sql-statement-set-role.md
sql-statements/sql-statement-show-character-set.md
sql-statements/sql-statement-show-collation.md
sql-statements/sql-statement-show-columns-from.md
sql-statements/sql-statement-show-create-database.md
sql-statements/sql-statement-show-create-table.md
sql-statements/sql-statement-show-databases.md
sql-statements/sql-statement-show-errors.md
sql-statements/sql-statement-show-grants.md
sql-statements/sql-statement-show-indexes.md
sql-statements/sql-statement-show-plugins.md
sql-statements/sql-statement-show-privileges.md
sql-statements/sql-statement-show-table-status.md
sql-statements/sql-statement-show-tables.md
sql-statements/sql-statement-show-variables.md
sql-statements/sql-statement-show-warnings.md
sql-statements/sql-statement-shutdown.md
sql-statements/sql-statement-truncate.md
sql-statements/sql-statement-use.md
troubleshoot-tidb-cluster.md
```

Author: I've created #14648 for this.

The `ADMIN CHECK TABLE` statement takes the following steps to check the table:

> 1. For each index it checks if the number of records in the index is the same as the number of records in the table.
> 
> 2. For each index it loops over the values in each row and compare the values with the values in the table.
> 
> If `ADMIN CHECK INDEX` is used it only checks the specified index.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. For each index, it checks if the number of records in the index is the same as that in the table.

2. For each index, it loops over the values in each row and compares the values with that in the table.

If you use the `ADMIN CHECK INDEX` statement, it only checks the specified index.
```
